the latest trends more steam technology
so more steam ovens and combi steam
ovens that are becoming more and more
popular also induction cooking the new
technology has just come out where a lot
of induction cooktops now starting to
have flexi design elements which is an
element where you can have two or three
pots on the elements simultaneously your
the latest trends that our customers
seem to be very interested in I guess
the continuation of induction cooktops
the popularity of induction cooking it's
really going very well at the moment
also steam ovens a lot of the built in
steam ovens are very very popular with
our clients and we're noticing a big
trend in premium refrigeration so brands
like Sub Zero and antonella have some
very nice high-end refrigeration and
that seems to be attracting a lot of a
lot of clients I think more integrated
refrigeration ovens being flush mounted
where in the old days they were proud
mounted so it just gives you a nice and
look through the kitchen everything's
got to line up it's we all got to have
the same handle it's got at the same
size fascia gotta have the same color
clock and little things are changing
where it was holier twenty years ago I
only bought white ten years ago I only
bought stainless steel now there's a bit
of black come back into the into the
range so blacks becoming a more popular
I just think it's a nice change
you know stainless could be a bit
clinical too much of it white now
doesn't work terribly well
only because you get discoloration your
white will take some form of a limiting
effect as as time time goes by with heat
but yeah just
there's a nice option so if you don't
like stainless and you don't like their
clinical look there's something else for
you the latest trends part of the
caverns induction cooktops steam ovens
they're a very strong part of the market
which is good because they're the
product that works particularly well
they're not in the category price
Kennedy they used to be but it's a good
product for us to sell definitely things
that have been very big in Europe would
have finally catching up with induction
cooking which is which everybody loves
and everyone has got to do it we've got
some new range here called the Sub Zero
wolf products American brand very
similar sort of heritage to what our
company's done family-owned
business and they've worked their way up
and they're phenomenal product we're
just almost finished our ellika display
they do a lot of fancy range hoods more
for people that want to have a lot of
color and light in their thing not
necessarily as practical as what people
may have with a range but you've got
some really nice designs because a lot
of people are doing same with what's
made sub-zero popular is integration
people the trends that we're seeing a
lot here are people want don't want
appliances to look like appliances so
they want to hire everything so
integration and having fashions and and
you know products that really stand out
as opposed to a big thing that looks
like a white fridge the new Electrolux
evany range has become like quite
popular once again following the trends
in Europe which is black and that's
coming back in we are quite late in the
piece but a lot of this seems a lot of
white kitchens and black kitchens are
coming back the latest trends customers
are picking up on the induction with
pots and pans free of charge pyrolytic
ovens colors a little bit of black at
the moment still mainly stainless steel
but I think at a phase out well washing
machines top loaders seem to be fading
out the front loaders are taking the run
of the market less water they did take
longer to wash so heavy loads a week you
want to do you get around that time
delay time remain things like that the
trains that were coming through you know
a little bit more of that the style
needs of a customer now you know comes
down to that to overall look and the
appearance of the appliances the taps
the sink where everything has to start
to look uniform that modernistic style
of approach the olden day look is sort
of waning out a little bit so things
like you know the black coloring black
glass sinks for example you know they're
starting to really hit the mark and
frost our point of view it's very
exciting for our customers to come and
see something so different so varied
they can really design their kitchen
around something so simple